broccoli,press down on soil to make it dense before planting it is planted later so it doesn't start to seed to early
tomato,recommended to use single stemming on a stake 8ft tall to get the maximum heght for the plant
cucumber,plant in hills of 2 - 3 plants per hill. can use trellis to give plant better airflow and prevent mold
carrot,put in rows spaced 18 - 24 inches apart. keep soil very loose and without rocks to keep carrots straight
lettuce,put in rows spaced 12 - 18 inches apart. can plant closer together if you want to harvest throughout season
pea,put in rows spaced 30 - 36 inches apart. plant in loose soil since the roots aren't very strong
spinach,put in rows spaced 12 - 18 inches apart. harvest season will end in june because of the heat
corn,put in rows 3 feet apart. Pre soak seeds in water for 8 hours before planting to activate seeds faster
onion,to transplant seperate each onion and then replant them. prune any green that has fallen over or dangling
potatoes,when stems ate 12 inches tall mound up dirt so it cover 3 inches of the stemm
beans,plant more than what you want so you can thin them later. once planted pack soil so seed has good contact
peppers,put in rows spaced 24 - 36 inches apart. doesn't require much water leaves will curl if it has too much
kale,put in rows spaced 18 - 24 inches apart. cold tolerant down to 20 degrees F. can harvest throughout season
pumpkin,put in hills 2 - 3 plants each. when watering try to keep foliage and fruit dry
squash,put in hills 2 - 3 plants each. harvest frequently when fruit is still small to encourage more production
zucchini,put in hills. harvest regularly to keep a constant flow of fruit.
watermelon,put in hills 2 - 3 plants each. harvest when the bottom of fruit turns a rich yellow
beet,put in rows spaced 12 - 18 inches apart. plant in very loose soil
garlic,planting in fall should give a harvest in early june. put in area that didn't have onions previously
radish,the lower the nutrients the better. do not transplant. keep well watered otherwise it will crack
cantaloupe,keep fruit off ground to prevent insects from eating it
basil, pick leaves regularly to encourage growth
lavender,will take 1 - 3 months to germinate so be patient and try and start early indoors
parsley,will take 3 - 4 weeks to germinate. harvest when the leaves have three segments
oregano,once plant has grown to 4 inches tall start harvesting to encourage a denser and bushier plant
rosemary,takes a while to germinate so be patient. prune regularly to stop plant from getting lanky
chives,divide plants every 3 - 4 years so they produce more.
sage,prune heavier woody stems every spring
cabbage, watch out for cabbage worms they will be underneath leaves leaving black specks and eat the leaves
celery, keep well watered otherwise the stalks will stringy or tough. soak seeds overnight before planting.
cauliflower, if your variety is white cover the white part when it is the size of an egg with its own leaves